[API Shield] Small note on management and monitoring (#6184)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/api-shield/management-and-monitoring.md

{{</Aside>}}

When adding a path manually, you can specify variable fields by enclosing them in braces, `/api/user/{var1}/details`. 

> For more information on how Cloudflare uses variables in API Shield, see the examples from [API Discovery](/api-shield/security/api-discovery/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how Cloudflare uses variables in API Shield, refer to the examples from [API Discovery](/api-shield/security/api-discovery/).
```
